Previously, on "Shades of Blue"...
Dropped him off at school.
Something wasn't right.
- My boy is in danger.
- I agree.
His mother slings an assault
rifle for a drug lord.
You weren't supposed to look
in this bag here, were you?
- This wasn't in here before.
- Hey.
- You want him to stay inside.
- A weapons charge ensures that.
Go near my daughter again and
nobody will ever find you.
You're gonna want to wear your
best suit tomorrow
- for your disciplinary hearing.
- There's gonna be blood.
They say there's a bullet
waiting for us all.
I've been looking for your boyfriend.
Where's Bianchi?
- He's in Italy.
- I killed him.
He threatened me.
He threatened Cristina.
And I snapped his neck. Stahl knows.
Caddie could have led Stahl
straight to his body.
Mrs. Saperstein, the numbers
54-4-F mean anything to you?
That's the plot where he's buried.
Are you gay? Because every
time you look at me,
you see something you hate
about yourself.
You ever bring this up again,
it'll be the last conversation
you and I have.
Yeah, is that a punishment or a reward?
Woz, get down!
Got to get him to the hospital!
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com.
Anything out of the ordinary
when you entered the house?
No.
Can you give me a guess about
the number of shooters?
- No.
- And were you able to see
or hear any of the gunmen
when you escaped?
Hey! Not here.
There's a press perimeter
around the corner.
Captain McManus will be around
in a few minutes with an update.
Any distinctive marks on their vehicle?
Look, I didn't see them.
I didn't see the vehicle.
Bullets were flying, and
we were pinned down.
Do you know anybody that would
want to do you harm,
or do Lieutenant Wozniak harm?
Detective Santos? What?
Anybody who would want to do you
or Lieutenant Wozniak harm?
It's a big city.
What, are you planning to move
a body tonight?
I was supposed to pick up a load
of fertilizer for the Brooklyn
Community Garden tomorrow.
No good deed, right?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- Detective Santos.
- Captain.
- Any news?
- No.
Woz is in there getting it now.
The spleen is part of your
son's immune system.
Since we had to remove it
to stop the bleeding,
his ability to fight infection,
especially when he gets
a little older, may be compromised.
But that can be mitigated with
prophylactic antibiotics.
So he could live a normal
life without it?
Normal, full, productive.
You got him here quickly,
which allowed us
to stop the hemorrhaging.
That's what made the difference.
Well, thanks, Doc.
- You're welcome.
- Appreciate it.
- Thank you, Doctor.
- Thank you.
It's okay.
You're gonna hunt these shooters down.
- Promise me...
- Yeah, I promise.
- You're gonna get 'em.
- I'm gonna get 'em.
It was my house.
It was my son.
We found a dark sedan with
bullet holes and fresh blood
parked 15 blocks from your house.
ESU on the way?
Canine, tactical, the works.
Take care of your family.
We'll flush 'em out.
Thank you, Captain.
You too, Detective. Go home.
We have the entire department
looking for these shooters.
One inch.
One inch between my son living or dying.
Take it.
Look, wait here with Linda.
They're gonna find these guys.
No, we are finding those cowards.
Our unit.
All right, I'll tell the crew
to keep their ear on the scanner.
No, you go with them.
Look, I'm with you, Woz, but we still
have that chore to do tonight.
No, we don't.
Visit Saperstein?
Stahl has the plot number.
It's handled.
How many times do I need
to prove it to you?
I have your back.
There's a low-rent high-rise
about 50 yards
away from the abandoned car.
Nobody's getting any sleep
in that building tonight.
Who even has the balls to come
after us like that?
- My gut says mob.
- Or our new favorite drug lord.
Hard to mastermind a massacre
from inside a holding cell.
Quince does get a phone call.
We set him up.
Tufo, you stay here and get
any information
back from command to Woz.
Harlee, go this way. Come on.
You try to go out there, the
press is gonna eat you alive.
I'll meet you guys up there.
All right, Loman, you're with me.
All right.
Any leads?
Blood and bullets.
Could you take Cristina home?
Harlee, you got the whole city
looking for these guys.
I know. We're posting a patrol
unit outside my place.
Please don't leave till
I get there, all right?
I was planning on waiting for you.
You're leaving?
Yeah. Nate's gonna make it.
Where are you going?
Well, I have to find who did this.
There's like a gazillion cops
here who can do that.
Look, I know you're scared,
but everything's gonna be okay.
Nothing's okay, Mom.
You just got shot at.
Nate almost died.
That could have been you.
- It wasn't.
- I mean, who are these people?
Why are they shooting at
Uncle Woz's house?
That's why I have to go, okay?
I want you to...
I am not going to Aunt Gemma's.
To let James take you home.
A patrol unit will guard the house.
Because you just want me to be safe?
- Yes.
- Well, please stop saying that
and actually do it.
Thank God.
I must have said my first Hail Mary
in about 20 years on the way over here.
Did you remember the words?
Spent a lot of time in confession.
Thank you for coming.
But you should stay clear.
Once we confirm that this was
Bianchi's handiwork,
I'm going after him for keeps.
So beef up your security
and watch your back.
Understood.
But first, you need to go
to the precinct.
Now. Your locked filing cabinet.
Little black book you used
to keep track of your protection racket?
All the dealers on your roster...
Julia, my son is hooked up to machines.
I know, Matt, but you have to
relocate that book,
and anything else you don't want
the rat squad to get their claws on.
It's 3:00 in the morning.
It's a good time for a search.
Do you have an in with Internal Affairs?
It's amazing what you hear
when people believe
you have a 40% chance of
becoming the next Mayor.
That is, unless your old crew
gets burned at the stake a week
before the election.
I'll tell Linda you had an emergency.
Hey, guys?
Come on, we got to take a drive.
Man, they weren't kidding with this.
"Turn the whole city upside-down" thing.
Yeah, well you shoot at cops,
we all fire back.
Street Crimes Unit from the 6-4.
We were the targets.
It's gonna take ESU hours
to clear this building door to door.
How much blood did they say
was in the car?
Scanner said a pool.
You have a report a gunshot
wound at the hospital, but...
Should I call tactical over?
Like you said. We return fire.
You take the back.
Police!
Hey, don't shoot!
- He made me help!
- What's your name, Doc?
- Henry.
- Henry, I'm gonna need you
to keep him alive for a while.
This man needs an ambulance.
No, not until he gives us some answers.
He's lost a lot of blood.
I can buy you five more minutes.
I'm not talking without a lawyer.
You're not gonna need a lawyer
if you're dead.
Start talking or bleed out.
Yo, what are you doing?
- That's our prisoner.
- Was your prisoner.
Now a material witness in an
Internal Affairs investigation.
Heard y'all had a bad night.
You're in for a bad tomorrow too.
Don't drop the soap, Quince.
You, whatever that is, put it down.
You know, I have a warrant
to search the premises.
Officer Loman! O...
We were ambushed last night.
My son hasn't been out of
surgery for two hours.
I met Nate. I'm sorry. He's a good egg.
But the fact that you're here in
the wee hours of the morning
makes me all that much more curious.
We're tracking down leads
for who might have tried to kill us.
Or you're here to further intimidate
a false arrest more than
you already have.
You know, your man Quince
told me a sordid tale
about you, a goodie bag
full of narcotics,
and one nasty frame job.
And a tale is exactly what it is.
Quince is a street thug
trying to get out of prison.
But it's very fitting that you
take the side of a dealer
who uses a kid to move his product
instead of the badge
who brought them down.
Lieutenant, wearing the badge
doesn't make you a good guy.
As a matter of fact, wearing
that badge and doing dirt
makes you the worst kind of bad guy.
You know what, we've heard
this so many times before...
I may not be able to get you
for Donnie Pomp's disappearance,
but on this... good old-fashioned
obstruction... you're mine.
Your poker face is as bad
as your actual face.
You may not like my face.
That's okay. We're not dating.
You may not like my face,
Lieutenant, but I've got you.
I've got hard evidence of you
planting narcotics
and weapons on a minor.
Anything else I find here is gravy.
Toss it.
Let's start with a name. All right?
Any name. How about yours?
I don't! I can't...
He's gonna pass out from the pain.
No, hold off on the doggie morphine
until he tells us who paid him
to kill us.
We get that, and the pain stops.
I didn't shoot at anybody...!
Okay, my cousin!
Called me and some other guys
two days ago.
5 grand a piece up front,
5 more after the job was done.
So they told you to shoot at cops?
He's hemorrhaging.
- I can't stop it.
- You were saying?
You were saying?
The plan was to go inside...
inside the house, but...!
Jordan's idiot buddy showed up tweaking.
He was all jumpy.
He fired too early, before we were set.
Jordan's your cousin?
- Where did he get the cash?
- I swear!
- I don't know.
- Where can we find Jordan?
If anything went wrong,
the plan was to meet there
tomorrow morning.
Where?
Tick-tock.
The shooters are supposed to meet
at the Queens Travel Suites
Hotel in 20 minutes.
- You called it in?
- It's a rally point.
We don't know how many shooters
there are total.
We need the backup.
Don't let the tactical
commander box you out.
'Cause every cop in the city's
gonna want in on this collar.
I got it.
Look, has Nate come out of
the anesthesia yet?
I'm headed back to the hospital soon.
Wait, back? Where are you?
Just call me after the takedown.
All right, you think Verco is bluffing?
He wouldn't jam us up on
a dealer's say-so alone.
He said he had hard evidence.
I mean, maybe he has surveillance photos
of us setting Quince up.
Should I call my union rep?
No, call your CI.
What informant?
The one who introduced you to Quince.
The woman with the kid.
- Karen? Karen wasn't a CI.
- She is now.
Get her to go on record
saying that she was our CI all along.
The guns, the drugs, they were
all Quince's to begin with.
If the charges don't stick,
he'll find out that she helped us.
He'll come after her.
He'll come after the kid.
She won't want to do it.
Suspects are on the sixth
floor, room 611.
- Intel solid?
- Best we have.
We go up both stairwells.
We hit 'em fast, we hit 'em hard.
- Yes, sir.
- Sir.
I ain't gonna lie.
I kind of hope one of 'em
goes for a gun.
As long as his name is not Jordan.
He's the only link that ties
this back to Bianchi.
- Police! Hands up!
- Hey!
- Hands up, now!
Put your hands up!
That's one way to make a trail go cold.
Police officers know
that they face the risk
of danger when they work a shift,
but for a group of criminals
to plan an ambush...
Good morning, Agent Gupta.
Double shot, no foam, right?
I had one already.
Well, aren't you eager to start the day?
Can I help you with something?
I was hoping that you could,
pull a DNA report
so I can compare it to a new sample.
His name is Miguel Zepeda.
Recently released from New York State.
And you can't put in a written request
with the case number because...
I'd rather owe you drinks.
Maybe if you clean those fingernails.
Yeah. I was working in the garden.
In October?
It's good to plan ahead.
Well, Zepeda was a bust.
That's impossible.
He's a convicted felon.
He has to have a sample
in the state database.
His conviction was vacated.
State's obligated to destroy
every collected sample
after an overturned conviction.
Right.
Hey, make it vanilla next time.
Detective Tufo. Detective Loman.
We need to holler at Karen for a minute.
Karen ain't here.
Girl saw on the news that
a bunch of cops got shot up,
freaked out, and bounced.
Said maybe it was Quince.
Did she tell you where she was going?
Just grabbed her stuff and
Adrian and bailed.
Okay, when you do talk to her,
tell her it's urgent
that we speak to her, like
end-of-the-world urgent.
Her son's in danger.
My baby's hungry.
- Is he awake?
- Shh.
Shh, he was... he was talking.
But then they gave him medicine
for the pain, so...
I got you a room at the hotel
across the street.
Why don't you go over there
and get some rest?
Matt, I know you have been up
for three days.
Why don't you go lie down
before you fall down?
I've been writing this kid
rain checks and IOUs
his whole life.
You've always been his hero.
Since he dressed up as a cop
on his sixth birthday.
No matter what the two of you
have gone through.
He may give you grief, but...
he understands why you were gone
all of those nights.
He's proud of you.
Me too.
Get better.
- What's up?
- TSA finally came through
with the travel files on Bianchi.
Did he pass through customs?
He never left.
There's a man in JFK
airport security photos
traveling as Michael Bianchi,
but it's not him.
That doesn't exactly support his alibi.
Bianchi's in town
and tracking this closely.
We need to go to Greenpoint
Community Hospital.
News just broke
our shooting suspect is there.
- The only one still alive.
- This is exactly why
I don't want you calling in every lead.
Patrolmen can't keep their mouths shut.
I leaked it.
- What?
- Our shooting suspect is here.
Not Greenpoint Community.
Look, he and his buddies were
a bunch of amateurs
that Bianchi knew he could dispose of,
which is why the mob's clean-up
man delivered
two bullets each
instead of their payday.
Yeah, if he's watching the news,
he now knows where
to send the other two.
Like I said. Let's go for a drive.
Looks like Karen's changed sides.
We made a house call for you.
I heard.
So what's end-of-the-world urgent?
Amazing how many things
the press gets wrong these days.
If the investigation falls
apart, Quince will be released,
which puts you and Adrian in danger.
Stop pretending this is about
protecting me
and my son, and not your own asses.
If all we cared about was
protecting our own asses,
we would have never helped you
in the first place.
Yeah, your asses come first.
Look, all we're asking you to do
is say that you were working with us.
Like a snitch?
Just that you knew the handoff
was happening,
and you called it in to us.
Y'all are really working hard
to get me killed, man.
It'll be a closed hearing.
Okay? No one will ever know.
You've got our word.
Cop's word is only worth something
when he's testifying against you.
Hey, guys, should I add
tampering to the charges?
We're talking to our CI, and
you are way out of line.
Am I?
You're feeding a potential
witness lies to parrot back.
That's it. I'm calling your captain
for an emergency GO-15 meeting.
So ring your crew. Ring your union rep.
Your pastor? 'Cause this ends right now.
Don't suppose you want
to share your password.
Phone seems to be locked.
Is good cop, bad cop still a thing?
Bad news is, we're fresh
out of good cops.
You know the first thing that
they teach you on patrol?
If you want to rough up a collar,
you better not leave a mark,
or some fancy lawyer
will tear you apart
back at the precinct.
Something to think about as we drive.
Hello?
It can get stuffy back here.
It's an old model.
Before we say good-bye...
Why don't I just cut off his thumb?
Nice added feature.
Are you sure this detour can't wait?
Verco's out for blood.
I wouldn't ask if it wasn't timely.
Thank you, sir.
Captain McManus is on his way up.
Looks like somebody's got stage
fight, guys?
You know, in the 16th Century,
when the English
would catch pirates,
they'd force 'em to watch
while they built gallows
during low tide.
You see, they felt that
the anticipation of a hanging
would heighten the experience.
Come high tide,
the bodies would wash away.
You could have used a few more
hugs when you were a kid.
Spoiler alert, fellas: It's low tide.
Here. What's that, guys?
Planting narcotics?
Planting, planting, planting narcotics.
Planting narcotics. Here.
Got excessive force, excessive force.
It's a good day, guys?
Most unforgivable of all...
look at this.
Look at that. That's a kid.
Placing a loaded weapon
in a child's backpack.
- Hot shot?
- That wasn't a plant.
Those were the possessions
of a shot caller
who used kids as drug mules.
We worked with Karen
to make a legit bust.
We all know that story's gonna hold up
like Kleenex in a rainstorm
when we get in that room.
I know that you were only acting
at the behest
of your fearless lieutenant.
Confirm that, and I'll make Wozniak
eat the whole crap sandwich.
Forgot to mention I was
bringing a plus-one.
Hey, Quincy.
Last chance, guys.
Storm is here.
There won't be any survivors.
Call Tommy, tell him to close
Murphy's for the day.
Give me 15 minutes.
All right, I'll go through
the rest of his contacts,
see if I find anything on his phone
where Bianchi's hiding. Yeah.
And the rest we'll beat
out of him in the freezer.
I have to say, Detectives:
This looks less than good.
It'll look a lot better
when our CI explains
that the drugs and the gun
belonged the dealer all along.
Yeah, the bust was solid.
Then why don't you have a CI contract?
Or any paperwork on her?
In her neighborhood, inking
a contract with us
is the same as signing
her own death warrant.
Without having it, it opens
you up to prosecution.
- That's the whole point.
- I don't give a damn
about paperwork, but I do need to hear
what happened from your informant.
So, where is she?
- Ma'am, are you...
- Don't touch me.
- Lieutenant, you should...
- Can I have the room, please?
Hi, Karen.
I ain't doing this.
Y'all told me that I'd never
have to face him.
That was out of our control.
Exactly.
You can't control nothing.
You can't guarantee that you
gonna protect me and my boy.
Can you?
No, I can't.
When Quince gets out,
what you think he gonna do to me?
What you think he gonna do to my son?
If he's out on the street,
he'll come after both of you.
At least you're honest.
I know you're scared.
You don't know nothing.
And you should be.
Yeah, you damn right.
I need to get back to my son.
I didn't want to leave my son
today, either.
But I left him,
bleeding in the hospital.
You know why?
Because until you kill the monster,
it'll keep coming back.
Yesterday, you told me that you wished
you were a better parent.
Right?
Well, now's your chance.
I missed my chance, Karen.
Don't miss yours.
You put me in a touch spot, gentlemen.
I'm sorry, sir, our CI must
have just gotten cold feet.
That's a child with a firearm.
This is over the line.
We got shot at last night.
The city has our backs today.
Do you really want the 6-4 back
on the front page tomorrow?
Unfortunately, I have to make
a decision.
And right now, there's only one
version of the story on the table.
Are you Miss Horne?
I am.
Don't wear yourself out.
You have a long day ahead of you.
Someone wants to meet up with you.
Harlee!
James. You're a nice surprise.
I waited at your place
as long as I could,
but Cristina insisted on going
to school for a test.
Well, thank you.
You know, for everything.
I had to advise on
a gun trafficking warrant.
What's your excuse?
Waiting on Woz...
he wants to interview
a potential witness in Jersey City.
Haven't you earned the right
to tap out for the day?
Not when you're being shot at.
Your daughter put on a brave face,
but she was genuinely worried.
I know it's none of my business,
but I don't think she'd cry if
I made you both dinner tonight.
No, but I might.
Too much knight in shining armor
can be overwhelming, okay?
I'll follow a recipe and everything.
Okay, you want to be a hero?
How about you start with takeout?
Nothing says "I love you" like
burgers and ketchup packets.
Because I do.
I literally kicked my foot back.
Like a cartoon.
Wha... I won't tell.
All right, get out of here.
I'll see you tonight.
Did the cleaner get any more texts?
No, just the 7:00 a.m.
appointment at 95th and 5th.
Did you get him to confirm that
the meet is with Bianchi?
No. He's a very tough guy.
But it's either Bianchi or someone
high up on the food chain.
Harlee, when I find Bianchi...
You know where this is headed.
If you're not up for the ride,
it's best to get out now.
There are other ways to get there.
He shot my son.
Another inch...
The cleaner's not going anywhere.
Go to the hospital. See your boy.
I'll pick you up at 6:00.
We'll get who he's meeting with.
You engaged in unsanctioned contact
with the daughter of a former asset.
A minor, Agent Stahl.
The evidence before me
points to a flagrant
and disturbing abuse of power.
And a total violation of the very values
you swore to uphold.
Gail, you're his supervisor.
You have anything to say on his behalf?
No. I don't.
Sir...
I have sacrificed everything.
My marriage, my health,
to serve this bureau.
It is all that I have.
Please don't take it away.
I recommend an indefinite suspension.
Effective immediately.
Robert.
Your badge.
No! No! No!
No!
Mom, you're inhibiting
my range of motion right now.
I'm sorry!
This is nice, isn't it?
Yeah, I mean, you're making it
kind of weird.
Am I making it weird?
Little bit.
Okay.
Cristina, your mom tells me
you play the cello.
Of course she did.
I think she opens with that.
What? I'm proud.
Hey, if I'm not here to chaperone,
will you two behave?
What? You going to bed already?
Yeah, I didn't get
much sleep last night.
Thank you for letting me crash
your family dinner.
Yeah, you're the reason
we're having family dinner.
I mean, we usually eat by the TV.
- Love you.
- Love you too.
Bye. Bye.
I thought I'd lost you, Nate.
I didn't push you away
because you were gay.
I didn't.
You asked me if I experimented.
And yeah, I did.
But I love your mother.
And I love you.
And I will pay any price
to make things right again.
The truth is,
I'm more proud of you
than anything that I've ever done.
Did you hear that?
No, I was a little distracted.
Cristina?
Should I go?
You leave a woman's bed
the day you say the L word,
she might think you didn't mean it.
Then I guess I'm not going anywhere.
95th and 5th. It's 7:03.
I don't see him.
Let's wait five more minutes
for Bianchi.
Wait. At 3:00. I know her.
That's Bianchi's girl.
Got her.
Meeting someone? Keep walking.
I'll direct you.
Let's head up to your place.
I could scream.
Not if he pulls the trigger first.
Are you that certain that I came alone?
You only looked straight ahead
when he put the gun in your back.
I don't think anybody's
coming to your rescue.
Harlee, this is Elena.
Bianchi's side piece.
Seems like she lied to me
last time we spoke.
I have a feeling she won't be
making that mistake again.
"All balls and no brains."
Isn't that what you said about me?
Well, now I get to return
the compliment.
Not many people have what it takes
to lie while sucking the
business end of a loaded gun.
I'm telling you the truth.
Bianchi was in Italy.
Key to survival:
Tell your captors something
but not everything.
I don't understand.
While Bianchi was hunkered down,
you were his go-between.
He gave the orders.
You called the shots.
He doesn't tell me anything.
Look at me, I'm just...
I'm one thing to him.
Make 'em think
you're just a pretty girl?
I know that trick too.
Then you know I would do
anything to survive.
Like shoot at a house full of cops?
That little party that
you threw the other night
sent his son into surgery.
He survived.
Then stop while you're ahead.
We know Bianchi's in the country.
So what we're gonna do
is we're gonna play a fun little game
called "The truth will set you free."
Harlee, why don't you take
the dog for a walk?
Violence upsets him.
The only guarantee is that I win.
One bullet.
Five empty chambers.
Where's Bianchi?
You just told us. The United States.
Narrow it down.
Of America.
You know what?
You got neighbors.
We don't want them in
on our little game.
Do we?
Yeah.
Got to keep it quiet.
Our little secret.
Thank you, Harlee.
Where is he?
You're a good solider,
I'll give you that.
How's your pain tolerance?
You're next, sweetheart.
Tell him where Bianchi is,
and I'll protect you.
Here you go. Spinning it around.
I didn't know he was in the country!
No, I swear!
- Convince me!
- No! Please! Please!
This performance is sounding
awfully familiar.
Please! Please! Please!
Please!
I'm not spinning the cylinder,
so your odds go down drastically.
One in five to one in four?
I still like my chances.
I'll play with you.
Everybody's got a bullet
waiting for them.
I have a feeling yours is awfully close.
- No!
- Where is he?
Too bad I don't have a son
to step in front of it for me.
Woz!
All right.
- Your turn.
- No...
One bullet, five empty cylinders.
No... no...
- Woz...
- Where's Bianchi?
All right! All right, I'll tell you.
I'll tell you, but it won't
matter, 'cause he's gonna be
out of jail in one day,
and he won't stop
until all of us are dead.
We'll make sure he doesn't walk.
We'll make sure of that.
You can't keep that promise.
He's got dirt on everybody who's
anybody in New York.
He could bring this whole city
to its knees if he wants to.
He's untouchable. What kind of dirt?
He's got bank records. He's got photos.
He's got recordings on senators,
on judges, on you.
Where does he keep this dirt?
Is it with him?
Lawyer's office. Wall Street. All right?
There is a box locked up there
with instructions
to open and disseminate if
anything happens to him.
Dead man's switch.
That's one way of putting it.
Where are the copies?
There aren't any.
Defeats the purpose of locking it away.
We get the box, then we'll get him.
He's in a safe house. Uptown.
That's where you'll find him.
Write down the address.
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org